update(UI overview): add bonita apps (#1362)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/api-extensions.md

# REST API Extensions

This page describes how to deploy a REST API extension manually, which is possible with all editions.

> A REST API extension allows to extend REST Resources using Bonita, to send information on a form. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A REST API extension allows to extend REST Resources using Bonita, to get or send information in a page or a form. 
```
